src/notes.md, before:

Current version: 0.0.0a
Next version: 0.0.1a
  - [x] Add profile save points
  - [x] Add profile loading
  - [x] Add profile deleting
  - [x] Need Menu UI (menu -> levels -> game)
  - [x] Need Levels UI finished and can select level & type
  - [x] Display Alien ships in glossary
  - [x] Add ~~modal/~~toast for notifications
Next version: 0.0.2a
  - [ ] Add achievements for everything needing to be unlocked
  - [x] Add achievements UI
  - [ ] Add stat tracking
  - [ ] Add stat tracking UI
  - [x] Add enemies
  - [x] Add structures
  - [x] Add weather
  - [ ] Add ammo
  - [x] Update data management
Next version: 0.0.3a
  - [ ] Add basic game functionality
    - [ ] Game can start with deck and UI
    - [ ] Player can move
    - [ ] Player can attack
    - [ ] Player can collect Crystals
  - [ ] Add profile save after mission
Next version: 0.0.4a
  - [ ] Add actions to gameplay
  - [ ] Apply updates to user save
  - [ ] Add more enemies
  - [ ] Add more structures
  - [ ] Add more ships?

Commit message:

add stat ui, comp names; release ready

src/notes.md, after:

Current version: 0.0.0a
Next version: 0.0.1a *RELEASED*
  - [x] Add profile save points
  - [x] Add profile loading
  - [x] Add profile deleting
  - [x] Need Menu UI (menu -> levels -> game)
  - [x] Need Levels UI finished and can select level & type
  - [x] Display Alien ships in glossary
  - [x] Add ~~modal/~~toast for notifications
Next version: 0.0.2a
  - [x] Add achievements for everything needing to be unlocked
  - [x] Add achievements UI
  - [x] Add stat tracking UI
  - [x] Add enemies
  - [x] Add structures
  - [x] Add weather
  - [x] Add ammo
  - [x] Add names to components
  - [x] Update data management
Version 0.0.21a
  - [ ] Update stat tracking UI (need UI/UX assistance...)
Next version: 0.0.3a
  - [ ] Add basic game functionality
    - [ ] Game can start with deck and UI
    - [ ] Player can move
    - [ ] Player can attack
    - [ ] Player can collect Crystals
  - [ ] Add profile save after mission
  - [ ] Hook in mission related achievements
Next version: 0.0.4a
  - [ ] Testing!
    - [ ] Difficulties are accurate
    - [ ] Drawing odds are accurate
    - [ ] Card health/values are accurate
Next version 0.0.1b
  - [ ] Deploy for public testing
Next version: 0.0.2b
  - [ ] Account for public feedback
Next version 0.0.3b
  - [ ] Add stat tracking
  - [ ] Add actions to game play
  - [ ] Apply updates to user save?

In a future version
  - [ ] Add more enemies
  - [ ] Add more structures
  - [ ] Add more ships?
  - [ ] Refactor glossary items
    - [ ] Better UI for smaller items
    - [ ] Cleaner code to handle different items
